                                                 # My Beloved yasmine,

                                                                                             Happy Birthday to the most sweet and wonderful girl in the world! 
                   Every moment with you is a blessing, and I'm so grateful to celebrate another year of your amazing presence. You bring so much joy, love, and laughter into my world,
                and I feel incredibly lucky to have you. May this special day be filled with all the love and happiness you deserve.. Happy Birthday, my darling!
                   She was beautiful, for the way she thought. She was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved. She was beautiful, for her ability to 
                       make other people smile, 
                even if she was sad. No, she wasn't beautiful for something as temporary as her looks. She was beautiful, deep down to her soul.
                   Since I've met you, there's a lightness to my life that wasn't there before.I never realized how heavy everything felt until you came and lifted it all off me.
                Your smile, your laugh, the way you see the good in the little things  i love talking to you.the deep conversations, the silly chats, the quiet exchanges in the morning, ...
                   i love the way you make me smile when i am at my lowest i'll never tire of hearing what's on your mind.
                i have looked at your face 5 million times, my heart still skips a beat when i see those eyes. somehow, But i'm still getting completely lost in them
                   every time i laugh, i'm thinking of you. every time i see something beautiful, i'm thinking of you.  not a moment goes by when you're not on my mind, and i wouldn't have it 
               any other way You are simply the most Ma'Sha'Allah beautiful girl in the whole wide universe, your true beauty comes from your heart, your mentality & who you are. Wallah the 
                   thought of you makes me smile  ,the thought of you, makes my heart feel warm & at peace. Watching your eyes glow with such purity
               your beautiful smile shine brings so much peace & comfort to me., you're in my Prayers & in my Du'as without fail. I speak to Allah about you like its remedy for all my pains. 
                    I'm so thankful for you.I don't love you with my heart and mind. I love you with my soul, Incase my mind forgets and my heart stops.I may never find words beautiful 
                enough to describe all that you mean to me, but I will spend the rest of my life searching for them.
                    and I think my problem is that I never know how to talk about my feelings.
               I talk to myself in my head a lot about how I feel & I explain it so well, but getting it to actually come out my mouth is so hard.
                                                                                                                      so,yasmine
                                                                                                         would you do me the honor of being mine? 
